TODO.md, before:

---
title: "TODO"
---
## Opcode documentation

- Handle `Cakewalk` opcodes to be listed in some page
- Update [sw_down] with new info
- Complete _envelope_generators_ and _lfo_ type pages
- Add screenshots to group_label/master_label/global_label and also to sw_label

### Modulations

- Merge eqN_vel2freq, eqN_vel2gain, varNN_*ccX, ampeg_vel2*, amplfo_depth*
	and amplfo_freq* with related opcodes
- varNN_eqX{gain|freq}, ampeg_{hold|decay|sustain}_curveccN
- Remove the temporary /modulations/moved directory when done
- Add missing ARIA aliases (WIP)

### Instrument settings:

- Filter:
	- cutoff: merge with cutoff2
	- resonance: merge with resonance2
	- Document in a similar manner the following:
```
lfoN_ratio -> lfoN_ratioX with X = 1 (or none, implicit) to 8 (1 main and 7 sub waveforms)
lfoN_scale -> lfoN_scaleX with X = 1 (or none, implicit) to 8
lfoN_wave  -> lfoN_waveX  with X = 1 (or none, implicit) to 8 (merge lfoN_wave2)
lfoN_offsetX              with X = 1 (or none, implicit) to 8
```

- Pitch:
	- bend_smooth: Missing range

- Amplifier:
	- position_onccN
	- volume: 'Real' range?

## Website / db features

- Fix/replace Yarn (with [gulp]?)
- Site search on generated HTML, not markdown source
- Specify opcode options value version in table lists?
	(Implemented in opcode pages only, see [off_mode] `time`,
	[trigger] `release_key` and `fil_type`)
- Generate opcode list in [Prettify SFZ definition script]
- Remove redundant MIDI CC modulations from list that is already in the opcode
	info table and keep track of aliases (opcode layout)
	(E.g.: see [cutoff] opcode page)
- Support for aliased opcodes, removing duplicated data
- Variables inheritance
- Add DragonFlyBSD, FreeBSD, NetBSD and Solaris as OSs in software section
- Use the same OSs info for both software section and player pages

### Other tasks

- Check for missing opcode datatype, range information and modulations
- Improve SFZ syntax highlighting in [Prettify SFZ definition script]:
	- opcode values: fix slash issue for POSIX paths (see FIXME in comment)
	- \#define $variables
	- option values validation? (no_loop, one_shot etc)
- Add missing links to external opcode pages and use tooltips with brief opcode
	descriptions from the syntax.yml opcode db when hover over links

[cutoff]:   /opcodes/cutoff.md
[off_mode]: /opcodes/off_mode.md
[trigger]:  /opcodes/trigger.md
[sw_down]:  /opcodes/sw_down.md
[PR #5]:    https://github.com/sfzformat/sfzformat.github.io/pull/5
[gulp]:     https://gulpjs.com/
[Prettify SFZ definition script]: /assets/js/prettify/lang-sfz.js

Commit message:

More use of db's see_also feature

TODO.md, after:

---
title: "TODO"
---
## Opcode documentation

- Handle `Cakewalk` opcodes to be listed in some page
- Update [sw_down] with new info
- Complete _envelope_generators_ and _lfo_ type pages
- Add screenshots to group_label/master_label/global_label and also to sw_label
- More page types other than opcodes in the `see_also` section

### Modulations

- Merge eqN_vel2freq, eqN_vel2gain, varNN_*ccX, ampeg_vel2*, amplfo_depth*
	and amplfo_freq* with related opcodes
- varNN_eqX{gain|freq}, ampeg_{hold|decay|sustain}_curveccN
- Remove the temporary /modulations/moved directory when done
- Add missing ARIA aliases (WIP)

### Instrument settings:

- Filter:
	- cutoff: merge with cutoff2
	- resonance: merge with resonance2
	- Document in a similar manner the following:
```
lfoN_ratio -> lfoN_ratioX with X = 1 (or none, implicit) to 8 (1 main and 7 sub waveforms)
lfoN_scale -> lfoN_scaleX with X = 1 (or none, implicit) to 8
lfoN_wave  -> lfoN_waveX  with X = 1 (or none, implicit) to 8 (merge lfoN_wave2)
lfoN_offsetX              with X = 1 (or none, implicit) to 8
```

- Pitch:
	- bend_smooth: Missing range

- Amplifier:
	- position_onccN
	- volume: 'Real' range?

## Website / db features

- Fix/replace Yarn (with [gulp]?)
- Site search on generated HTML, not markdown source
- Specify opcode options value version in table lists?
	(Implemented in opcode pages only, see [off_mode] `time`,
	[trigger] `release_key` and `fil_type`)
- Generate opcode list in [Prettify SFZ definition script]
- Remove redundant MIDI CC modulations from list that is already in the opcode
	info table and keep track of aliases (opcode layout)
	(E.g.: see [cutoff] opcode page)
- Support for aliased opcodes, removing duplicated data
- Variables inheritance
- Add DragonFlyBSD, FreeBSD, NetBSD and Solaris as OSs in software section
- Use the same OSs info for both software section and player pages

### Other tasks

- Check for missing opcode datatype, range information and modulations
- Improve SFZ syntax highlighting in [Prettify SFZ definition script]:
	- opcode values: fix slash issue for POSIX paths (see FIXME in comment)
	- \#define $variables
	- option values validation? (no_loop, one_shot etc)
- Add missing links to external opcode pages and use tooltips with brief opcode
	descriptions from the syntax.yml opcode db when hover over links

[cutoff]:   /opcodes/cutoff.md
[off_mode]: /opcodes/off_mode.md
[trigger]:  /opcodes/trigger.md
[sw_down]:  /opcodes/sw_down.md
[PR #5]:    https://github.com/sfzformat/sfzformat.github.io/pull/5
[gulp]:     https://gulpjs.com/
[Prettify SFZ definition script]: /assets/js/prettify/lang-sfz.js
