tutorials/videos.md, before:

---
title: SFZ Programming Video Tutorials
---
Here are a couple of videos to help you get started with SFZ

- [SFZ Tutorial Part 1][1]\: Hello World! by [David Viens][a]
- [SFZ Tutorial Part 2][2]\: Generators, transpose and ADSR by [David Viens][a]
- [VSCO 2: Community Edition - SFZ Tutorial][3] by [Versilian Studios][b]
- [How to use our Free SFZ Instruments][4] by [Versilian Studios][b]
- [Folder to SFZ Converter / Automapper][5] by [Sam Gossner][c]
- [Sforzando introduction and overview][6] by [PatchArena][d]
- [Getting Started with SFZ][7] by [David Hilowitz Music][e]
- [Recording samples using Ardour and LinuxSampler][8] by [Sonoj Convention][f]

[1]: https://youtu.be/bTFs524KrGc
[2]: https://youtu.be/iWIRegt32o0
[3]: https://youtu.be/-H5G72wm0s0
[4]: https://youtu.be/VomafctByTs
[5]: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLLdL4zn_x-4idW37c4wJ1S9n6VobRhGB4
[6]: https://youtu.be/O62kISpCN9Y
[7]: https://youtu.be/gmTmy6Byx6g
[8]: https://media.ccc.de/v/sonoj2019-1904-recording-samples#t=1469

[a]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpTtSrRlp5wdTR3ngzs731w
[b]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCknu0fv59liI8a2_E3Jp9fA
[c]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQpVDD813WYT2eOFvTqjgZw
[d]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyOG7WKLHTZ8otfJ60ZY62Q
[e]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCoAJ5JYKYTMubpTIsWi70w
[f]: https://www.sonoj.org/archive/

Commit message:

Added legato video tutorial by David Hilowitz

tutorials/videos.md, after:

---
title: SFZ Programming Video Tutorials
---
Here are a couple of videos to help you get started with SFZ

- [SFZ Tutorial Part 1][1]: Hello World! by [David Viens][a]
- [SFZ Tutorial Part 2][2]: Generators, transpose and ADSR by [David Viens][a]
- [VSCO 2: Community Edition - SFZ Tutorial][3] by [Versilian Studios][b]
- [How to use our Free SFZ Instruments][4] by [Versilian Studios][b]
- [Folder to SFZ Converter / Automapper][5] by [Sam Gossner][c]
- [Sforzando introduction and overview][6] by [PatchArena][d]
- [Getting Started with SFZ][7] by [David Hilowitz Music][e]
- [How to make TRUE legato sample libraries in SFZ][9] by [David Hilowitz Music][e]
- [Recording samples using Ardour and LinuxSampler][8] by [Sonoj Convention][f]

[1]: https://youtu.be/bTFs524KrGc
[2]: https://youtu.be/iWIRegt32o0
[3]: https://youtu.be/-H5G72wm0s0
[4]: https://youtu.be/VomafctByTs
[5]: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLLdL4zn_x-4idW37c4wJ1S9n6VobRhGB4
[6]: https://youtu.be/O62kISpCN9Y
[7]: https://youtu.be/gmTmy6Byx6g
[8]: https://media.ccc.de/v/sonoj2019-1904-recording-samples#t=1469
[9]: https://youtu.be/j9OfaBw4n0c

[a]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpTtSrRlp5wdTR3ngzs731w
[b]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCknu0fv59liI8a2_E3Jp9fA
[c]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQpVDD813WYT2eOFvTqjgZw
[d]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyOG7WKLHTZ8otfJ60ZY62Q
[e]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCoAJ5JYKYTMubpTIsWi70w
[f]: https://www.sonoj.org/archive/
