opcodes/sfz_1/seq_position.md, before:

# seq_position

Sequence position. The region will play if the internal sequence counter is
equal to seq_position.

This is used together with [seq_length](/opcodes/sfz_1/seq_length) to use samples
as round robins. The player will keep an internal counter creating a consecutive
note-on sequence for each region, starting at 1 and resetting at seq_length.
Maximum allowed value is 100.

Examples:

```
seq_length=4 seq_position=2
```

In above example, the region will play on the second note every four notes.

A typical usage for a kick drum with four round robins, and a snare with three
round robins, would look like this:

```
<group>key=36 seq_length=4
<region>seq_position=1 sample=kick_rr1.wav
<region>seq_position=2 sample=kick_rr2.wav
<region>seq_position=3 sample=kick_rr3.wav
<region>seq_position=4 sample=kick_rr4.wav
<group>key=38 seq_length=3
<region>seq_position=1 sample=snare_rr1.wav
<region>seq_position=2 sample=snare_rr2.wav
<region>seq_position=3 sample=snare_rr3.wav
```

An alternative to this is using [lorand / hirand](/opcodes/sfz_1/lo_hirand) for
random, instead of sequential, round robins. If there are enough samples
available, both methods can also be combined - the combination is described on
the [lorand / hirand](/opcodes/sfz_1/lo_hirand) page.

Commit message:

Adding type/default/range description tables to opcodes.

opcodes/sfz_1/seq_position.md, after:

# seq_position

Sequence position. The region will play if the internal sequence counter is
equal to `seq_position`.

This is used together with [seq_length](/opcodes/sfz_1/seq_length) to use samples
as round robins. The player will keep an internal counter creating a consecutive
note-on sequence for each region, starting at 1 and resetting at seq_length.
Maximum allowed value is 100.

##### Example

```
seq_length=4 seq_position=2
```

In above example, the region will play on the second note every four notes.

A typical usage for a kick drum with four round robins, and a snare with three
round robins, would look like this:

```
<group>key=36 seq_length=4
<region>seq_position=1 sample=kick_rr1.wav
<region>seq_position=2 sample=kick_rr2.wav
<region>seq_position=3 sample=kick_rr3.wav
<region>seq_position=4 sample=kick_rr4.wav

<group>key=38 seq_length=3
<region>seq_position=1 sample=snare_rr1.wav
<region>seq_position=2 sample=snare_rr2.wav
<region>seq_position=3 sample=snare_rr3.wav
```

An alternative to this is using [lorand / hirand](/opcodes/sfz_1/lo_hirand) for
random, instead of sequential, round robins. If there are enough samples
available, both methods can also be combined - the combination is described on
the [lorand / hirand](/opcodes/sfz_1/lo_hirand) page.

| Type    | Default | Range    |
| ---     | ---     | ---      |
| integer | 1       | 1 to 100 |
